This demo creates stand-alone jpg image viewers...

When you start it up it displays a tiny form with 3 buttons..

To add a jpg file to your jpg archive/viewer just click on the top button
---->[Add A New Jpg To Your Image Viewer]

OR better yet just drag and drop up to 1000 jpg's at a time onto the form....



Once you have added all your images you have a choice to make...

You can rebuild the current exe and change it into the new viewer
by clicking --> [Create An Image Viewer by Rebuilding This Exe]
(this is not the best course of action.. I just included this option
to show how to alter the current exe into the final at runtime)

Or you can click --> [Eject new Viewer App In This Dir as -> View.exe]
This will create a new stand-alone jpg viewer named View.exe in the current
directory.


Ok..now that you have the new viewer built just run it and the first image
will display full screen... the aspect ratio will remain correct for each image.
Just press the Backspace key to move backwards through your archive of images
and press the space-bar to move forward... clicking the left mouse button on the image
will also move forward through the pictures... to terminate the app just press the 
escape key...

As this is just a simple demo I did not resample the images when converting to
the full screen size... adding resampling code would enhance the images quite a bit!

I also did not handle the jpg error messages...so if you add a bad jpg to the archive
up will pop an annoying error message when you try to view it :-(  this also happens if
you accidently add a non-jpg file to the archive.  It would be a simple matter to add
a test to weed out the bad images before they were added to the archive... but I was in
a rush to get this demo out :-)


Even though I set the max number of images at 1000 It is NOT such a good idea to
create a stand-alone viewer with that many pix in it!  It just gets too huge and takes
too long to compile the thing :-(   try and stay at <100 or so and you will have
better results.  I did make a huge 1000 pic viewer as a test... it ended up at 86mb!
.. it took about 3 minutes to compile on a Athlon 1600+ with 256mb ram... but it was
useable even on an old K6-2-500mhz with 64mb ram... although I would have hated to
wait for it to compile on that slow box ;-)

This simple demo could quickly be altered into many useful little programs... 

..Gwen..

p.s. Use this code in any way you like... I consider it public domain... like all the rest of the strange software I write :-)